for 16 minutes next.
He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Hey, listen to this gang.
Teenage sleuth, solved boat hijacking mystery.
Captain Cutler and his wife taken into custody by sheriff.
That was some plan they had.
First spreading the phony story about Cutler,
and then stealing the yachts from the marina.
That night on the beach, Cutler was storing extra scuba tanks
in the graveyard of the ship.
Yeah, but like his diving suit got covered with that kooky-glowing seaweed.
And that's where the glowing ghost story came from.
Well, that cold is the mystery.
How did Scooby do with that?
I guess that's another mystery.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
From Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, this is Gago on Biological.
I'm going to do something a little bit sneaky tonight.
Oops, that was a little quick.
We are going to look at the spectrum of debate that was allowed in 2019
by looking at a highly produced example of this business in 2019,
and how this narrative was being laid down and prepared for us in our brain.
I see you guys mentioning in the chat the CHD interview I did with Dr. Brian Hooker.
It was a really good interview, but on the live recording or the live release,
rather, the sound cutouts, they had to re-render the movie.
The link is now there again, but for the time when it was supposed to be there,
it actually wasn't there.
And so that was a little bit disappointing at some moment.
I was getting really excited about what I was saying, and then the sound went out.
And so they cut the live stream, and then they re-edited the video, and now it's available.
And I think the video or the interview is at least okay.
And so I'm going to watch it at some point, I think, just to make sure that I didn't make any crazy mistakes
other than the DC sign nonsense that I did there.
Welcome to the show.
This is Giga Home Biological Eye Resistance Low Noise Information Stream,
brought to you by a biologist.
The biologist is Jonathan Cooey.
I live in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
I have three kids and a lovely wife.
And most things are pretty good here.
We are blessed to be, I'm blessed to be a staff scientist at Children's Health Defense.
But in this program, and on this program, I speak for myself and for my little LLC called Giga Home Biological Run Out of My Garage.
That being said, all the names that are scrolling above my head here in one way or another
are financially supporting me.
Some of them have been my financial supporters for several years and are responsible for that time between 2021 and 2022
when I had nobody else but them.
So, I don't know what to say other than thank all of you very, very much.
And thank you for giving me to the point where I can give out such a succinct message as intramuscular injection
is not a valid means of immunization.
It's really, really nice.
If you need something more specific for COVID, just say the transfection is not immunization.
Oh yeah, so I wanted to plug this.
I'm not sure why I should have probably put some text here.
I don't know what I was thinking I was going to accomplish with this slide here.
And then not to put my head here either.
This is a video, this is kind of neat.
It's like a little, this is a video clip or a screenshot from Mr. Eden,
AKA Mr. Sparkle on September 8th, 2023.
It's one of my most important streams in the last month.
And if you're new to the channel or you haven't watched a lot of the stuff that I've done in the last couple of weeks,
there's a lot of videos to choose from.
And I suggest you go to this one first.
Not only because of how succinct and on message Mike Eden is,
but how I think I tie it up real nice and make sure that it's understandable
and why it's so important to think about how Steve Kirsch and other people
through maybe no fault of their own, but maybe some fault of their own.
Wittingly or unwittingly have changed the way that we think over the last few years.
And specifically, some of these people really stepped in to make sure
that we changed the way we think about certain things.
And that being that there's a novel virus, we had to do something
and that mRNA might be handy, you know, if it was done right.
And gain of function is a real danger from which this virus may have originated.
And so this faith was instituted in people en masse through the TV and through social media.
And it was done by changing their mind about fundamentals in biology
that up until 2019 were pretty solid ground in terms of our understanding
and our admitted lack of understanding.
But instead they changed our way, the way we think about these things.
And then doctors were duped into, pressured into, or dumb enough to take part in,
protocol changes which ended up killing hundreds of thousands of people
and really just muddying the water in terms of where is this novel entity
for which we purport to be able to test with a PCR exam,
but also not if the symptoms are there and we can just make that assumption.
And then we used a bunch of things that would have otherwise been called poisons
had they been through the real normal testing procedure of drugs and therapeutics
like Remdesivir, for example.
And I believe, and I've been trying to explain this for many weeks now,
that I believe that it is very likely that an orchestrated effort
by government entities, intelligence agencies, I don't know who,
but a large network of individuals and people with like-minded interests
have carefully crafted this narrative of a pandemic
so that they can position themselves to be in positions of power in perpetuity
and these positions of power that they have assumed
are all based on the idea of this pandemic potential.
And so you have to believe in the pandemic potential
and more importantly you have to believe in the idea that there are bad guys
who flaunted Mother Nature's laws
and who flaunted Mother Nature's possibilities
and created a virus that otherwise wouldn't exist
and it got out and it injured millions of people.
And so you've got to believe that there's a mystery to solve,
that there are bad guys to identify and people to punish.
And there are bad guys to identify and people to punish,
but the question is what do you, what crime do you accuse them of committing?
And what they want you to do is accuse a very few people,
maybe two or three people of shuffling money around in backrooms
and of combining molecular parts of a virus in a laboratory
in an irresponsible way that led to the pandemic.
That's what they want you to believe happened
so that the real fake monster of the story is never unmasked
and that fake monster is an RNA viral pandemic.
That monster can't exist,
but they have created a scenario with real data,
real biology or what appears to be real biology
and real confusion
and effectively created a pandemic
not that dissimilar to what Dr. Giordano has described
many times in the past on my stream.
And so they lied to us over several decades
about the pandemic potential found in caves
and how it can be accessed in cell culture and aminal passage.
And more recently they've lied to us about how viral particles can be
stitched together or viral genomes can be stitched together
to also yield pandemic potential heretofore, undescribed.
And they want you to believe this pandemic potential
is almost never ending
so that they can invert your sovereignty over your body
and your children to something more of a social debt
that you owe to society
and therefore permissions that you have to earn.
And I believe that many of these people
wittingly or unwittingly have been co-opted
into perpetuating this myth of gain of function viruses
and co-opted into perpetuating this myth of a novel virus
which circulated the globe for three years
and is still ever evolving.
And whether these people really believe what they say or not
is kind of irrelevant
because they won't discuss aspects of the biology
which would otherwise probably set them free
from the certainty that they are under right now.
And they are under a spell of certainty
all of the people in the red triangle
because all of them are under the spell of certainty
that a novel virus most definitely was not present in 2018
became present in 2019
and then nearly destroyed the global economy in 2020.
They all believe that we had to do something.
They all believe that maybe even a large proportion
of the people that have taken the mRNA
gained some short-term benefit.
And for sure all the people on, sorry, on this side
of the red triangle, they all believe that a gain of function virus is possible
and it's dangerous and they're doing it.
It's just that the people down here
don't believe that this virus was one of those.
They definitely exist.
It's just that this wasn't a gain of function virus
whereas these people up here think it was a gain of function virus.
The kooky thing is is that the moment you question
the veracity of the story of an RNA virus being able to perpetuate itself
for three years through millions and millions and millions of serial cases.
You get put into this yellow zone over here
and you no longer get any attention on social media.
You get everything actually silenced
not canceled where everybody talks about you
and promotes you and shares your story on sub-stack
and sends people to Mexico to look for you
but canceled in the sense of
nobody hears from you anymore.
Nobody can see your account.
Your Twitch followers stagnate at 2,700 for like a year straight.
That's what we're talking about here when we say canceled.
Not canceled like it promoted
under two more platforms.
Not canceled like oh I get to whine about it forever to my millions of followers.
We're talking about actually erased
where people don't ever acknowledge that you exist
because that's where all the people in the yellow are here.
No one talks about Mikey.
No one talks about Wolfgang Woda.
No one talks about Nick Hudson
and very few people are willing to talk about Denny Ranglu.
You know even Sukhrin Bhakti
and Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are virtually off limits for mentioning them
even though Bobby is largely on gain a function narrative
Sukhrin's not
but Sukhrin also is not doubting the spread of a virus
but no one's really shown him Jessica Hakka's data.
No one's shown Bobby
Jessica Hakka's data.
And so I think because I put Bobby on that line
because he at least had Denny Rancor on his podcast
and listened to Denny
and pushed back hard on Denny.
And so this spectrum of debate
which we have been captured by this mystery
the Scooby-Doo mystery that we've been fooled into
investing our energies into solving
this Scooby-Doo mystery
that we've invested ourselves in solving
and the purported people that are helping us solve it
are actually all people who are involved in making sure
that we think when we successfully solve this
that we understand
and the goal of Paul Catrell
and Robert Malone
who we saw did a stream together in 2021
Robert Malone doesn't waste his time with clowns
why in the world would he waste his time
with Dr. Paul Catrell
Paul Catrell must be legit
if Robert Malone took the time to stream with him
took the time to stream with him
and explain the dexamethasone would be a great way
to increase the number of deaths
because it just crushes
COVID patients
so a great way to make the numbers worse
and Remdesivir is not as effective as everybody thought it was
but that's a rabbit hole he didn't want to talk about
honest he said those things on a stream with Paul Catrell
basically saying that the
that the protocols were
being used to greatly inflate the numbers
and the deadliness of the virus
the severity of the disease
he said that with Paul Catrell
on a stream in August of 2021
as part of this crafting of this narrative
on all parts and all sides
mainstream media, Fox News
conservative media
everywhere
even on fringe
not so important podcasts like
Paul Catrells
you can't discount that
that's a very significant
data point if remember
Robert Malone's
cyberstalker list
included a guy by the name of
George Webb
and it included a link to George Webb's
60 minutes program
George Webb over here
considers Paul Catrell to be his
his best scientific advisor
Robert Malone was on a stream
with Paul Catrell in 2021
Robert Malone says that
George Webb is his worst
one of his worst cyberstalkers
it's a controlled
dance of performers
that all make noises in the dark
at different times and so we're all
looking over here and looking over there
and it turns out that they're all
on each other's webpage
they're all on each other's podcasts
they all have each other
in their phone book
they're all sharing my phone number
with
with Bobby
I don't know who's making all these
phone calls in the background
I got a phone call from Bobby
but apparently there were phone calls
from Malone to Rixie and Rixie to Malone
and Paul Catrell and Robert Malone
apparently have phone numbers
right otherwise how would they be on
a podcast in 2021
I mean
this is a whole network of people
who's all been pushing
this worst-case scenario
from the inside and the outside
I mean while Robert Malone
was trying to get EUAs for five
different drugs with
in contact with what did he say to Paul
he was in contact with Steve Kirsch
almost hourly
while they were doing that
in 2020
Paul was on the internet
pushing the worst-case scenario
talking to people from Taiwan
who were telling him that the only thing that was working in Taiwan
was Remdesivir
and then he talks to Robert Malone
and Robert Malone says that Remdesivir
isn't really working as well
as everybody thought and that doesn't strike
Paul Catrell as odd
because he heard earlier
than anyone else
there were millions of people who were going to die
from some CDC leak
and then he also got a phone call from Taiwan
from some lady
saying that the only thing that was working in Hong Kong
was Remdesivir
it's a great big show
ladies and gentlemen
and the show started in 2019
the show started
in 2019
the show started in 2019
check this out
now I can't show you the very very start
because it's got this red N
and then it makes this sound good
okay so you just imagine
the red N
and then something something
and then here we'll start it
let's imagine for a second
all the ways the world could end
it could be something
from above
or something from below
or it could be something we did
to ourselves
but there's one thing that consistently ranks
as one of the most likely things
to end the world
well if you think of anything that could come along
that would kill millions of people
the pandemic is our greatest risk
a pandemic is a disease
our control
sweeping across the world
killing millions and changing civilizations
we know this because we've seen it before
a few times
in the sixth century
a pandemic killed half the world's population
in the 14th another wiped out
half of Europe
and in the 20th a pandemic killed
almost 5% of the world's population
in just two years
but that was a hundred years ago
we've learned from these past
pandemics and made incredible advances
improved response
improved training
improved workforce
we have improved surveillance systems
improved communications
we have organizations like the world health organization
CDC we have improved diagnostics
improved drugs
therapeutics vaccines
and yet the risk of it happening again
has never been higher
we've done the math on this
we estimate there about five new emerging diseases
happen somewhere on the planet every year
and that rate is accelerated so it is inevitable
that they will become pandemics
mother nature is the ultimate bioterrorist
nice
mistakes couldn't be higher
this simulation estimates that a pandemic today
could kill 33 million people
one billion
months in terms of
one billion a pandemic
would rival even the gigantic wars of the past
there we go
the economy will shut down
the cost to humanity will be unbelievable
unbelievable when is this
this is in 2019
ladies and gentlemen
were they preparing anybody for anything
do you think
I mean if you see it now
and you see it from 2023
it's called explained
and it's the next pandemic
I mean are you shitting me
country will be immune from the problem
this will create
the question is not is the next pandemic coming
there are only three things
that are inevitable in this world
death taxes and flu pandemics
or when is the next pandemic coming
we estimate there around one and a half million
viruses in wildlife
that we don't yet know that
any one of those could be spilling over into
human population right now
the question is
will we be ready for it
influenza pandemics must be taken seriously
the world is fighting the worst Ebola epidemic
in history
mistakes could be any higher bars
can be just as destructive as a bomb
or a mr. Panogenic organism
Vox I mean Vox
you know already what this is right
it's propaganda but still you got to see it
because that's what they did to us
everybody that saw this was
was primed
maybe Brett Weinstein saw this
and that's the reason why he got a bandana
right away and locked down for nine months
no what the future is going to hold
pandemics begin in a world
invisible to the naked eye
microbes were likely the first
living things on earth
many can't replicate on their own
so they hijack other living cells
and today they're all around us
and on us
and in us
many arrive in peace but others
damage or kill our bodies cells
fever coughing sneezing diarrhea
that's our body fighting back
but some are so strong
they can overwhelm our immune system
and kill us
pandemics are mainly caused by
two types of microbes
bacteria and viruses
the interesting thing about viruses is they are
supremely adapted
to jump from one species to another
they're the most likely microbes
to become the next pandemic
as you can probably guess viruses
that cause bird flu come from birds
swine flu comes from pigs
HIV came from chimpanzees
Ebola likely comes from bats
and several diseases come from mosquitoes
when these spill over to humans
the new virus is called a zoonotic virus
and they're extremely dangerous
these are viruses which mutate rapidly
and therefore change the surface
and evade immune responses quickly
they can transform into a new virus
once they get into the human population
now those don't happen
all the time they're quite rare events
but when they do the effects
can be devastating
which brings us to a farm in Kansas
a century ago
experts aren't certain but they believe
the 1918 flu pandemic could have started
when an infected bird and an infected human
met the same pig
the bird had bird flu
a type of influenza virus that had been
infecting chickens, geese and ducks
for at least a hundred years
while the person had a different influenza strain
the seasonal flu that had made
humans feel stuffed up and feverish
for centuries
the two viruses couldn't infect each other's species
but they could both infect pigs
and in one pig cell
those two viruses combined
creating a new zoonotic virus
H1N1
these parts from the human virus
gave it the ability to infect humans
but these parts from the bird virus
prevented immune systems from
effectively fighting back
a deadly combination
it killed somewhere between
triangles and circles
is a deadly combination
you got to watch out
but it is true that flu can
reassort like that
it's a different sort of process
according to the mythology
for coronaviruses
because flu viruses have separate
RNA molecules
that are independently
sorted into the
particle
and so when you
when you have more than one
flu type inside of your body at once
you can have a reassortment of
those genes in a way that
is apparently
apparently more difficult
in coronavirus because of its
single continuous RNA genome
now you can find
lectures by
Denison and lectures by Ralph
Berwick where they're talking about
recombination in coronaviruses
and it is due to
the fact that the
the RNA dependent RNA
polymerase will hop
from RNA strand to RNA strand
and although you're imagining
that okay well when does that happen
let your imagination run the camera
forward so the virus copies
its own RNA genome
and now it has two copies
of that genome and one of those
genomes is about three
nucleotides different than the
original genome
and now the RNA dependent RNA
polymerase has got to float around
and find the front end of another
RNA and it has a choice of two of
them right now if you think of a
simple cartoon
and as that goes on and on and on
there are more and more viral
RNAs in theory
that are available for this
RNA dependent RNA polymerase which is
in limited quantity
in order for it to make another copy
and so it's not clear
how all that works because they
need to be packaged and gone you know
they need to go into other viral
particles but they've already
documented it in experiments where
these various genomic RNAs
compete for RNA dependent
RNA polymerase time
so that being said when the RNA
dependent RNA polymerase
is going along and traveling
it can
jump off of one template
and leap over
on to another
because according to
pericandenosine up to 25
percent of the genomes
in any given coronavirus
infection are actually recombinant
genomes that recombine between
a co-infection
and so the
co-infection of a coronavirus
is likely to generate recombinant
coronavirus genomes
but flu has this extra
added ability because of its
compartmentalized or I guess you'd
call it fragmented genome
and so those fragments can
reassort more readily. 50 and 100 million
people around the world
it was unlike anything else
in history. You can
think of a disease on two scales
how contagious it is and how
deadly it is. Here is the
seasonal human flu while this
is the bird flu and this
is the 1918 combination.
It was so contagious because
it was airborne meaning the virus
could hang in the air infecting
any this is the bird flu.
Now notice that this is not a
scientific graph that says
extremely deadly deadly quite
deadly and deadly less deadly
and then here it says not
contagious contagious very
and extremely contagious
so it's not really clear
why this red space is as big
and this red space is less big
and this base is the smallest
but apparently most of the
diseases are out here
and the extremely deadly
and extremely contagious range
and very few
very few diseases are down here
and the contagious and
and safe they're all quite
deadly already and the
human flu is on the border of
not and quite deadly
and it's not very contagious whereas
the bird flu is only
slightly more contagious but it's
extremely deadly. And this
is the 1918 combination
it was so contagious because it
was airborne meaning the virus
could hang in the air infecting
anyone who inhaled it and in
1918 it infected one in every
people on earth
then it killed almost five percent
of the world's population.
I mean those are some big
ass numbers that's some really
big numbers and it hangs in the
air and could infect anyone
that came in contact with
that's a highly detailed
description of the contagious
of something from a hundred years
ago. Final ingredient was
human technology. Oh here we go.
This flu emerged in the middle
we were sending people across from
the US into Europe for war and
then we're bringing them back so
this virus exploited those
travel patterns and they're not
mentioning the fact that these
boats also had animals on them.
I think Mark has told us many
times that that's a huge
issue with regard to
obviously the crowded boats to
spread around the world very
quickly and very effectively.
In fact in every past
human technology is responsible
for taking diseases around the
world.
The black death arrived in
Europe on ships in the 14th
century. It was two distinct
diseases bubonic plague which
killed as many as 60 percent of
the people who got it and
pneumonic plague which killed
almost everyone who got it.
Then there was smallpox.
It was less deadly than the
black death killing 30 percent
of the people who got it but it
was more contagious.
Humans spread it around the world.
In the 20th century alone
it killed around 400 million
people. These other diseases
have also become pandemics.
But eventually we developed
technology that could defend
us.
The practice of isolating
travelers for a time to see
if they were infected, now known as
quarantine, was first developed
during the black death.
Then we invented microscopes
allowing us to see the enemy for
the first time.
Next we developed antibiotics.
These made these diseases
spread by bacteria far less
deadly. And smallpox led to the
development of the first ever
vaccine which defends us
against some viruses.
The way a vaccine works is we
get injected with proteins from
the virus and we create our
antibodies. These are little
molecules attached to those
proteins and neutralize the
virus and allow it to be swept
out of the body. So when we then
get infected by a real virus we
can rapidly create an immune
response, send out these antibodies
and get rid of the virus.
If enough people in a population
get vaccinated it's almost
impossible for the disease to
spread. So smallpox was
declared eradicated in 1980.
This is why studies show that
fewer people are contracting
infectious diseases today.
But at the same time, the number
of outbreaks is increasing
and that is largely because of
emerging zoonotic viruses.
Out of an estimated 1.6 million
unknowns of the virus,
we can see that the virus is
getting infected.
We can see that the virus is
1.6 million unknown viruses
in wildlife.
We currently know of about
3,000.
So it's really less than 0.1%.
That means the next pandemic
could be a virus that we're not
prepared for.
So that's also the sales
pitch of meadow biota that
there are billions of viruses
of course, Peter Desak,
the guy who was set up to
be one of these Scooby-Doo villains.
And he was set up
by this movie and many movies
like it and interestingly
by 60 minutes appearances
in the years
between the first stars and this
outbreak.
He has been on 60 minutes
more than once.
And so try to imagine a scenario
where a
multinational
group of people
trying to take control
of governments all around the world
has seeded a narrative
of pandemic potential.
And seeded a narrative
really like in the deepest way
you can see it by seeding it
right into academic science
right into the primary literature.
Right into the grant proposals
of DARPA and the
DOD and the NIH and the
NIAID and the USAID
that coronaviruses
have pandemic potential.
It's worth investigating.
It gets results.
It gets grants funded.
It gets people on 60 minutes.
And so there's nothing left to do
but pull the trigger
because everybody is
this is the highest produced
I mean come on.
You could tell a story
about anything
with this degree
of media production
and people would buy into it.
Especially over many many years.
Especially if you told the same
story and implanted it in several
Hollywood movies and TV shows.
We know some pretty
wonderful ones but we expect
that there are others out there
that are more lethal that are
better at being transmitted
where we've got no drugs and no
vaccines. They're the big risk.
This is called disease X
and we know we're unprepared
because we've seen them
before.
West market.
West market in Leang,
China.
Unlike markets in much of the
world, they're already dead
when they arrive.
This wet market sells meat
that's very fresh.
It's killed on site.
That's what makes it a
disease X factory.
Many different animal species
are stacked on top of each other.
Their blood and meat mixed
before being passed from human
to human.
All the while their viruses are
mixing and mutating, increasing
from 2002.
Back then, some wet markets in
China sold wild animals like
snakes, civet cats, and bats.
And demand for them was high.
On November 16th, a man in
Foshan, China, got sick after
preparing a meal of chicken,
cat, and snake.
He had the symptoms of pneumonia,
fever, cough, and trouble breathing.
When treatments for pneumonia
didn't work, Chinese officials
reported it simply as
well.
Michael Podinger was involved in
the early spreading of this
story, and Michael Podinger
is also involved in this pandemic
and in several other things in
between.
Mark is much better at
explaining this first star
story, and the people involved
in it than I am.
But then it started spreading,
and people started dying.
There were reports of
hospitals in China.
But we're used to that.
There were strains of
influenza virus that caused
flu in Asia many times over.
And we always noted them, and
there was always concern, but
they were not particularly
scary to us.
But people like the CDC and the
World Health Organization start
to take notice of these rumors
of illness and went to the
Chinese government and asked
about it.
Is that someone from one of
those towns decided to go
to Hong Kong.
Hong Kong was a uniquely
bad place for this to happen.
In 2003, Hong Kong was
home to about 7 million people.
Over 16 million tourists
visited each year, and
over 500 international
flights took off and landed
there every day.
On February 21st,
one man arrived.
He was already feeling sick.
He checked into the
Metropole Hotel and headed up
to his room on the ninth floor.
There he threw up or coughed,
spewing droplets all over the
elevator and hallway.
That's how he infected 16 people
who would spread the disease
around the world.
The man in this room boarded a
flight the following day,
arrived in Hanoi, Vietnam,
and checked himself into the
hospital.
He expected doctors and nurses.
One of those doctors then took
the disease to Bangkok.
That's when the World Health
Organization declared an
international emergency
and officially named the
disease.
Survey acute respiratory syndrome
or SARS for short.
A few days later, scientists
found the cause.
A virus they had never seen
into the hospital.
I remember sitting there, my kids
were there, and I was watching
the news, and all of a sudden
I saw a picture of my hospital
and outside a hospital on the
news.
That was the first time it hit
home that this was going to be
a problem.
It was about a week later
when we identified that there
were a substantial number of
staff at the hospital who were
in the hospital.
We have to get somebody else to
be on call on Tuesday.
What was their job, what was
going to fill in for them?
Sometimes just losing one senior
resident in our department
throws the whole department into
chaos.
I was feeling fine when I got
home, but I woke up in the
middle of the night, not feeling
well with a fever.
That was probably what I had.
Early symptoms were subtle and
hard to identify, causing
outbreaks even in advanced
hospitals.
Back in Hong Kong, a nightmare
was taking place, SARS was
spreading faster than ever.
A man with SARS was in this
unit of an apartment complex.
He had diarrhea, and when he
used his toilet, the SARS
virus was carried through the
pipes to the unit below where a
fan blew the virus back up
and it was likely blowing the
virus to nearby buildings, making
it much more difficult to contain.
That's truly a nightmare scenario.
You're not physically in contact
with a known infected person.
So it's much harder to track
because we don't necessarily know
the source of the contamination.
What are they talking about?
29 people were infected in
this apartment complex, and
hundreds were quarantined.
By now the world was panicking.
Someone was talking about this
in America and
postulating as to whether
rodents were carrying the
virus in these apartment complexes
and that's why they had closed
the apartment complexes.
So one of the things you have
to see here or think about here
is that this was a
possible clone release
or clone release.
And so if a clone was released
somewhere
and spread
in this manner,
you might start to make
a rough estimate in your mind of
okay, so what happens when
people are infected with a clone?
This might be what it
happens. This might be the
extent to which
a replication
competent RNA infectious clone
insufficient quantities
could be spread. Maybe even
move from country to country on
Earth for a little while.
But how far does it go?
And how many people really get
it before it changes
and goes away? Because that's
what Alina Chan's paper shows.
That there were 50 amino acid
changes per person, per infection
that was sequenced
in the first SARS outbreak.
And in the first six months
of SARS-CoV-2, there was less
than 10 amino acids changed in
the world.
The only way that can happen is
with a clone.
A simultaneous application
of a clone or a bunch of
people with a clone sent to
different places and allowed
to infect people. Maybe that's
the case too. I don't know how
they did it. I'm just calling
in the crime.
Fear that dogs and cats can carry
SARS has led some residents in
Beijing to abandon their
points to test cab drivers
for high temperatures, one of
the symptoms of SARS.
In part, it's all down to how
much we, the public, trust what
we're told by officials.
Is it absolutely out of the
question that this could have been
something inflicted upon people
by a terrorist agent of some sort?
I think in March of the year
2003, we exclude nothing.
1755 people were infected in
Hong Kong and 300 died.
With cases in at least 26 other
countries.
Ultimately, SARS killed
774 people. About 10 percent
of those had infected.
But then SARS did something
totally unexpected.
The funny thing about SARS is that
after a while, it just kind of goes
away. SARS just wasn't that
hearty of SARS. We didn't know
that when it started, but that's
how it turned out. But I don't
think that.
SARS are supposed to behave.
That's why I really believe that
SARS was probably an example of
the release of a clone or the
leak of a clone in a semi
legit quantity.
But nothing
on the order of, you know,
hundreds of liters.
And again, it wouldn't matter
because you still have this
limitation of what RNA can do.
And so unless you artificially
put it in a bunch of different
viruses, it would be
impossible for this virus.
The virus that was
spread to Canada
was in no way shape or form the
same virus that was found
originally in the first
outbreak in China.
They were different by
hundreds of amino acids by
them. And that's a really
important thing to realize
that a zoonotic virus or a
virus that's not adapted to
humans is still going to
change quite significantly
when it goes through
thousands of them.
And so if a virus has the
ability to go through
thousands of them, then it
will have also the requisite
changes that will occur after
those thousands, if not
hundreds of thousands of copying
events.
And so they make it seem like
SARS did something magic.
But SARS did exactly what you
would expect it to do.
If it started extremely
pure,
if it started extremely
pure rather than at the
normal swarm state
where the vast majority of
particles in any given infection
are not infectious
but it started in a very
high purity state
and it started in a few people
being exposed
and it's very easy to imagine
how if those people
exposed a few other people
and it spread to them
and it still remained
relatively replication
competent and high purity
and they got it at an airplane
or got it on a train
you're going to see some
spread.
Because if you get infected
by an RNA infectious clone
you have many more
competent particles than somebody
that's very simple.
It's a success story.
I think a lot of that is just
luck.
Because a lot of mistakes were made.
Chinese health officials only
admitted there was an outbreak
after 18 people had already
died and hundreds of others
were sick.
After the SARS epidemic
the World Health Organization
brought together 196 countries
and they all committed to
improving their ability to
detect, assess, notify and
report public health events
including outbreaks.
In 2014 only a third of them
were in compliance.
The big problem with the
pandemic is we don't know
when it will come
and so it's very easy
to put off to another day.
It really takes an extraordinary
act of political will to say
that right now things don't
look that bad but we're going to
send funding to public health
anyway because we know that
someday it will be bad.
SARS showed how far and fast
a virus can travel in our modern
world.
SARS went around the world in
weeks.
It's entirely possible that the
next will go around the world in
days. That's far faster than we
could ever catch up.
SARS began at the source.
SARS began as a virus
living silently in a wild
animal.
Experts believe it was bats
here in southern China.
These scientists have been coming
to these caves since the outbreak
catching bats and scanning
them for viruses similar to
SARS.
And they're finding a lot
which is allowing them to create
an early warning system.
And when we find them we raise the
alert and the government of China
comes in and tries to reduce
the exposure of those populations
to viruses.
China is not the only place these
viruses are being found.
This map shows where a new
virus is most likely to emerge.
The front line for disease
emergence are places like the
end of the road in a tropical
forest where someone's just
built a new mining concession
in the garden hunt wildlife.
Or it's a farm in southeast
Asia that's been expanding and
intensifying that has bats
nearby that spread.
What's extraordinary is that this
guy was able to procure millions
of dollars from the US and USAID
for funding of this nonsense
just by telling these stories
in an English accent.
Stories of 1.7 million
viruses waiting to zoonautically
jump.
Stories of third world countries
like the US and USAID
for us is being cut down.
That's where it's really
dangerous because these people
are eating bush meat.
I mean we might as well have
Brent Weinstein on here to tell
us how AIDS and everything else
came from bush meat.
And this most certainly came
from bush meat.
And this guy maybe got millions
of dollars in grants, hundreds
of thousands of dollars in
their life.
And the other thing that I think
is the way that they
hypothesize is that
that these zoonautic jumps will
occur.
These people were telling stories
they weren't really making
viruses.
They weren't really going to put
fear and you think this guy
was going to put fear and cleavage
sites into 20 different
coronaviruses and then make a
decision.
And do you really believe that
or do you believe that this guy
is you know all about
telling stories?
All about telling stories
so that people can go on
and tell stories about his
stories.
And so that Dr. Giordano can tell
stories about his stories.
And collectively we can
bamboozle the world
about the importance of public
health.
Because even though it doesn't
seem important right now we
should invest in it because we
know it's going to be important
in the future.
This is a revolutionary way to
defend ourselves against future
pandemics but it won't catch
every new disease.
For that we need to improve our
vaccines.
If a disease comes along that we
haven't seen before typically
that disease.
And new technologies might
shorten those times.
That's why an organization called
SEPI was founded and they're
developing a vaccine for
disease acts.
Traditional vaccines inject
protein molecules from a virus
and manufacturing these proteins
is a long and expensive process
but this new vaccine doesn't use
proteins.
It injects genetic material that
actually forms the
manufacturer creating the
protein molecules and then the
antibodies for them.
My shortness times.
That's why an organization called
SEPI was founded and they're
developing a vaccine for
disease acts.
Traditional vaccines inject
protein molecules from a
virus and manufacturing these
proteins is a long.
Did you know that SEPI was
formed specifically to develop
genetic vaccines so then SEPI
also funded Moderna I suppose?
Interesting.
Long and expensive process but
this new vaccine doesn't use
proteins. It injects genetic
material that tells the body to
produce those proteins itself.
Your body becomes the
manufacturer creating the
protein molecules and then the
antibodies for them.
Scientists can customize the
material to get the body to
produce the protein molecules of
almost any virus.
Once they figure out how to
deliver this into the body it
could reduce the time it takes to
develop a new vaccine from
several years to just 16 weeks.
There was the rub.
Once they figure it out how to
deliver this to the body it could
reduce from six years to 16
weeks. Listen carefully.
It injects genetic material that
tells the body to produce those
proteins itself.
Your body becomes the
manufacturer creating the
protein molecules and then the
antibodies for them.
Scientists can customize the
material to get the body to
produce the protein molecules of
almost any virus.
Once they figure out how to
deliver this into the body it could
reduce the time it takes to
develop a new vaccine from
the body.
Meanwhile scientists are trying to
develop a universal influenza
vaccine. One shot that could
immunize us from every possible
flu strain for life.
I mean think about how stupid
that story is.
Think about how ridiculous that
story is knowing what you know
about the immune system after
hanging out with me for a little
while.
They've been talking about a
little bit about how she was
40.
I mean come on.
This is crazy talk.
And this was from 2019.
It's a Netflix show man.
From a series called
Explained.
And this one was called the
next pandemic.
I mean this is just as
damning as Brett Weinstein
having Sam Harris on his
podcast in December of
2020.
This is the anti-vex
attitude if there's a real
pandemic.
This is absolutely insane.
We have been
had.
This is not a mystery that needs
solving.
This was a mystery that we were
handed.
Forced fed.
Tied down.
Our eyes were pinned open.
It was a mystery.
None of those
universal flu vaccines
as they're called are
anywhere near to being deployed
in the population yet.
But the U.S. federal government
and governments in Europe
have been supporting that
research in a way that they
didn't in a couple of decades
before.
Because they understand that
it's not a mystery.
Because human technology
has made the next pandemic
inevitable.
Deforestation is bringing more
wild animals into contact
with more people.
And factory farming is pushing
animals closer together
giving their viruses more
opportunities to combine
into one that could infect us.
Then we give them more ways
than ever to spread.
We've been in this race since
life on Earth began.
When a pandemic comes along
of any size, we always look
back and wish we'd invested more.
We are far short of what
needs to be done.
Well, I hope I've convinced
you that this is no joke.
They have been planning this
at some time and they've been
brainwashing people for some
time.
And we're not going to do this
one.
And so it's really something that
we've got to be aware of.
We've got to be alert to.
We've got to understand that
that's happening.
And it's really something that
needs talking about regularly.
So that's why I'm going to keep
repeating myself here
that was the show.
I'm not sure if that's
from
$64,000
pyramid or if that's from Hollywood
squares.
They told us that there
was an especially dangerous pandemic
but it really wasn't. It was a bunch of
protocols. And the only reason
why we're buying it is because of this illusion of
consensus.
Is a lot like the laugh track
on Seinfeld.
Not only does it tell you when to laugh
but it actually tricks your
brain into thinking
that a lot of other people think what's
happening on the screen is funny
and that makes it funnier for you.
You might be not aware of this
but actually that's also the reason
why a joke is funnier
when you tell it to lots of people
that's why a comedian is much funnier
when there's lots of people in the
that's why a rock concert is
more enjoyable when you go
with your friends. That's why a
church service is more
invigorating than watching a church service on
Zoom because
being around other people
that are sharing an experience with
you and enjoying
the same experience or
fearing the same experience
can amplify the emotion of the
experience for you because
we're social animals
and that's how it works.
That's also why when somebody tells a joke
and you don't know that it's funny
but everybody else laughs
you tend to laugh along
maybe you'll get it later
maybe you won't
but at least you won't feel like
left out or like an idiot
and this impetus is real
and this impetus can be
hijacked by social media
if every time you open your phone
you scroll past 50 people
who all think the same thing
it's going to be harder
for you to disagree with
that same thing than it
would have been before you opened your phone
if you
watch a news program
with four people talking and all
those four people agree about
something to do with the city council
it's going to be hard for you
or harder for you
than it was before that news program
to go against that idea
simply because of the illusion
of consensus
if you remove the illusion of consensus
it becomes clear how powerful it is
medium turkey chili
medium crab bis
you didn't get any bread
just forget it but it go
excuse me I think you forgot my bread
bread two dollars extra
two dollars but everyone in front of me
got three bread
you want bread?
yes please
three dollars
nothing for you
no soup for you
and you can tell that these players
are all playing along
because they're ignoring the things that could
reduce the impact
of the novel virus
reduce the need
for the intervention
reduce the excuse
for the application
of the blind protocols
you see the whole excuse
for stumbling into remdesivir
and stumbling into ventilation
was the unknown aspect
of the novel virus
but if you remove the unknown aspect
then it becomes clear
what really happened is a crime
iatrogenic murder
that's why
Robert Malone is very curious
talking to Paul Catrell
on a stream
in August of 2021
saying the dexamethasone
could be used to drive up the kill rate
and that remdesivir
was a rabbit hole that he didn't want to go down
well isn't that curious
how can we stop saying that?
why didn't he say that
on Brett Weinstein's street?
one of the three tv scenarios
is a laboratory or a bad cave zone
and we saw that in spades
on that program
with Peter Dasek and Bill Gates
here on Netflix
and that is the mystery that we were supposed to solve
and we were supposed to argue
that the lab leak had come on
it can't be a lab leak
it just came from those dirty markets
and then with the cover up
and people lying and covering up their emails
and slack messages
it became clear
that even people on the natural
zoonosis side
were covering up their
suspicions that it was a lab leak
so now the whole world
has kind of come to the conclusion
that it's a lab leak
that means that a lab leak
can come in the future
and there's nothing you can do about it
as Robert Malone said
it's easier and easier to build the
by the equipment on eBay
and do it in your garage
for goodness sakes
but I'm suggesting
that the PCR test
independently unable to differentiate
from a conflated background signal
could easily be used
as a psychological weapon
to drive people mad
and to think that there's the spread
of a novel virus because they're naive
and because the TV
and the social media can be used
to create an illusion of consensus
that not very many people
are immune to
and so the way they did it
it could have been a many many many
different things it could have been
an endemic background coronavirus
and they're just lying
because the robustness
of the early signals
and they're
let's say gusto
in displaying the
apparent fidelity
of these early molecular signals
leads me to believe
that the protocols were murder and
transfection is not medicine
but it's actually an infectious clone
release around the world
in many places
especially in Iran
people or certain
certain sentinel cases
in places
around the world
in those sentinel cases
that were intended to be sequenced
most certainly had
the intended viral sequence
present because of an infectious clone
and
that infectious clone included
a spike protein that may or may not
have been designed to be immunogenic
so that when it was applied
as an mRNA
antigen
that it would be effective
in generating a robust antibody response
and so what better way to do it right
you don't want to take any chances
so you might as well release
an viral clone that has a sequence
you've already tested
and know
at least have a good idea
that when you transfect somebody with this
you're going to get an antibody response to it
that doesn't make it medicine
could have been a
transfection agent release
you could think of an infectious clone as that
but you could also think of a
transfection agent just carrying the spike protein
might be enough
aerosolized DNA of the spike protein
would definitely be enough to give you
a PCR positive
but protocols remain murder
and transfection is not medicine
it could also just be a conflated background
signals where the protocols kill
there's no release, no spread
of a background signal and nobody cares
still means that the protocols
are murder and transfection is not medicine
the people who are saying there are no viruses
are just flat out
frustrating
and I do believe that you have to
characterize this as somewhat disingenuous
because again there is
transfection, there is aerosolized
RNA and DNA, there is
these applications
for the molecular biology that we do
know exists
and we do know that we can make large quantities
of it, we can fill this whole bottle
full of spike protein DNA
or spike protein RNA
if we wanted to
and that bottle would be enough to
probably
transfect people with symptoms
and detectable levels of the protein
or the DNA or the RNA
hundreds or thousands or
maybe even hundreds of thousands of people
with just this bottle
depending on how efficiently you were able to distribute it
so the idea that a
signal that could be called
a pandemic couldn't be created
is just absurd, of course it could be created
of course that
signal
where in the hell is my mouse
of course that signal could be created
the point is, is there a conflated
background signal?
is there one?
how conflated is it?
how are we going to solve that problem?
I don't know
but again I'm calling 911
I shouldn't have to explain
the motivations of
the intruder, I shouldn't have to explain
what he's trying to get, what he's doing there
or
or whatever
all I should have is the cops coming
and right now we need to call this
what it is, protocols for murder,
transfection is not medicine, so somebody's in trouble
for this because they knew this
already a long time ago
I actually think a lot of the performers
knew this a long time ago
a lot of the performers
but their job is to change our mind
about this stuff and more importantly
their job is not to question the faith
their job is not to question
the pandemic potential
of viruses in mother nature
is the greatest bioterrorist
they're definitely not supposed to question
the possibilities and potentials
that are accessible in cell culture
or in animal passage
and nobody can question the potential
that's
available with CRISPR, CAS9
and all these other fancy techniques
that we can use to stitch viruses
together from scratch
and they won't question this mythology
because they are part of a movement
which is designed to get rid of
national borders
to get rid of individual sovereignty
to get rid of sovereignty
of parents
and their kids
that that that's sovereignty of the family
they're trying to get rid of all of that
in the name of public health
because you're too dumb to know
and because this this is way too
freaking dangerous
and that's what they want you to believe
so that you'll surrender
they want you to think
holy man
people like Peter Desak
I mean
I don't want to trust Bill Gates either
but I mean come on
if you have to choose between those two guys
I'll trust Bill Gates any day
give me a vaccine
that's what they want you to think
that's how scared they want you to be
that's why they changed
how you think about
a coronavirus swarm
and they all cause mortality
and respiratory virus
in response to it as well as vaccines
so that they could ventilate people
and you wouldn't say anything
so they could roll out a brand new thing
called Remdesivir
and nobody would question it
and that's why Robert Malone said
it was a rabbit hole he didn't want to go down
in August of 2021
when he could have spoke out
against Remdesivir
and ended all those deaths
those people who were still going to receive
Remdesivir for another year
but he didn't because it was a rabbit
all he didn't want to go down
and dexamethasone is another way
to blow up the numbers
by the way
why would they want to blow up the numbers Robert
so they lied to us
about the PCR being able to
detect a dangerous novel virus
and they made people
follow these orders with
financial incentives
that included, you know,
bonuses for people that were ventilated
and bonuses for deaths
there was an RNA infectious clone
that was likely used to see the sequence
in certain places
so that a spike protein
of their choice could be used
as the vaccine target
or vaccine candidate
and I think there has been a plan
all along
to surrender our individual sovereignty
to force a global fundamental
inversion from basic human rights
to basic granted permissions
because we are at a time point
where human diversity is at its peak
for all time
there will never be more genetic diversity
available again so they need to collect it
that's why they need to change the minds
of the young
they're specifically after young people
they're not after people like me
they're 51 years old
they're after my kids kids
if they can convince
my 14 year old son
that his dad's nuts and the diseases
are real
and the genetics are way beyond him
and he might as well turn his over
then he'll grow up
into a digital prison that he'll never be able
to escape and might even not even realize
is there
because it'll govern his behavior
in every part of his life
even to the point of deciding when
many kids he can have
that's the plan
that's the plan ladies and gentlemen
the plan is to collect
2 billion genomes in the next 10 years
and all of the data associated with them
they want it to be normal
for us to just give all of our data
from birth
because you know I mean it's good for the community
it's good for the country
it's good for everybody
ladies and gentlemen you can find me
at gigalombio.com
and that's here
up at the top
gigalomb.bio
and you can also find me
at gigalombiological.com
I think
yes, transfection is not immunization
intramuscular injection
of any combination of substances
to augment the immune system is pretty dumb
and I believe that wholeheartedly
I think over the next few years
that's going to be the main job
that we have is trying to convince people
that this is not a crazy idea
but it's something that we should have come to a long time ago
please stop all transfections
and humans because they're trying to eliminate
the control group by any means
necessary
this has been gigalombiological
high-resistance low noise information stream
brought to you by a biologist
I'm just a big shout out to the
Broken Science Initiative
the live release glitched out
of the doctors and scientists
interview that I did with Brian Hooker
but they fixed it
and it's up now and
I guess I can probably find that link
really quick
I bet I can find it really quick
let's see where it is
here it is
oh Christy you beat me
you demon
how did you do that
wow Christy beat me to the link
that's really fast
okay thanks very much for joining me guys
I will see you again tomorrow
tomorrow's Saturday
that I'll try to be on
my friend
just Janarito in the chat
just clued me into a person
who apparently is an old school
a lot of the stuff that goes on
in the FDA in the early years
and
I'm looking forward
to
watching a couple of these
videos
it looks like the guy's name is
Peter Huber
so I think tomorrow
we're going to watch a video
by Peter Huber
who's going to be talking about
personalized medicine in the 21st century
I'm going to look up some stuff about him
before I get to that tomorrow
thanks very much guys
I'll see you again have a great night